reversal Studios Florida today is a very
very special special day today March the
grid opening up Despicable Me minion man
3d ride takes you on a heartwarming and
memorable journey with your favorite
characters from the film Despicable Me
I'm talking about GRU
Margo and hundreds of mysterious minions
and group probably one of the greatest
super villains of all times is looking
at transform you into a minion who wants
to be a minion I know I know
me too me too it's gonna be a lot of fun
now this movie is so incredible we're
gonna kind of bring some things to life
inside that you guys gonna take part of
we brought together the original comedy
from all these characters in the film
have a brand new storyline incredible
new animation and awesome 3d technology
you'll watch in amazement if you are
transformed into a minion everybody show
me your amazement faces you'll pop them
physically as you train to become a part
of groups minion army everybody please
laughing musically for me yes hahaha
or just hold it for the ride that's cool
too bad ladies and gentlemen you'll get
to take part in the world's first mini
an inspired dance party all I could say
is get ready to boogie who's ready to
dance out there
of these videos menus that you can hurt
these people screaming for you listen to
the next some noise for you right now
ladies and gentlemen have a very very
special surprise for you today just so
special in the celebration we've got
three of these amazing stars from the
film please join me in welcoming out the
voice of Agnes Elsie Fisher Elsie please
welcome the voice of Edith
Tina care and of course the voice of
Fargo Miranda Cosgrove
let's get these three ladies a big round
of applause ladies and gentlemen
celebration underway ladies and
gentlemen make some noise here he comes
too late only through